Have you invited him to the stage?
I don't agree with that.
When will the company hold a board meeting without notifying me?
Your father embezzled public funds
How much impact does it have on the company?
What qualifications do you have to come to the company?
I own 20% of the company.
My father owns 31%
None of you are eligible
Remove my father from office
Sister, what are you talking about?
The shares in your hands are already mine
This is your autograph and premiere
This is the last time I was in prison.
Sheng Jingyuan used my father to threaten me to sign
Turns out it wasn't a slave contract
I'm afraid it's an equity transfer
That's right.
This is your father's transfer of shares. No way
I heard your father was beaten to death.
The body has not been collected yet.
Hahahahaha
That's impossible.
It's bleeding. He's bleeding
No money